drams
basic training for Karabakh is
the same as
passage of the department is not for Vladimir
musicians
in terms of flight performance
all the guys helped in this flip
we act since then care is possible with high
judge by accuracy
as an athlete, he doesn’t even
knows what measures
we are the training base combination
acrobatic jumps
all regulators alternation
eccentric fell alto
I am not very tempo country
however it is important not just to work
I hope everyone on the canvas has not noticed
but also to develop trade
speed mode which would
allowed the end of these exercises in the garbage
festive moments
grace athletes perform exercises
from place
they should drink tea
at the end of the elements required
free program good
mastered the discharge
in ii m he is now this next training
task completed
in exercise your sector
in this case, the estimated
monumental
is in Bashkiria
practiced discharge present
also compulsory and voluntary donors
using
you have a standard size
in outlines on the street
I have all the moments
Maxim Vasin complexity of two
athlete
we are almost
future discharge perform execution
which
possible due to the development
maximum
their maximum speed
use washington july 8
I always succeed the regulator intends
years ok
explaining to the wizard
besides vagapova training this
working out individual elements
and we will do this man in this
case of this series of three poles
with various estimates that very
depending on the degree of preparation
athletes
know when this double flip
grouping this item can
remembered
fence